README.md, before:

> [!WARNING]  
> 原版 v5.1 已支持中文（见 [Wiki](https://github.com/ikas-mc/ContextMenuForWindows11/wiki/Languages)），因此该汉化版本结束

# ~~自定义右键菜单~~

Windows 11 创建自定义新版右键菜单

这是汉化修改版本，原版 [Custom Context Menu](https://github.com/ikas-mc/ContextMenuForWindows11)，请支持原作者。

<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/zetaloop/ContextMenuForWindows11/main/screenshots/menu.png" width=500 >


##  下载

微软商店|Github 发行
------------ | -------------
<a href="https://www.microsoft.com/store/apps/9N3R1B2TP3DB">微软商店</a>|<a href="https://github.com/zetaloop/ContextMenuForWindows11/releases">最新发行版</a>
微软官方软件商店下载|自签名证书发行，不推荐





##  用法
[原版中文帮助](https://github.com/ikas-mc/ContextMenuForWindows11/wiki/帮助)

##  构建   
[原版构建指南](https://github.com/ikas-mc/ContextMenuForWindows11/blob/main/build.md)


##  参考

https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/apps/desktop/modernize/desktop-to-uwp-extensions#context-menu

https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/winrt-related/blob/docs/winrt-related-src/schemas/appxpackage/uapmanifestschema/element-desktop5-itemtype.md

https://github.com/microsoft/Windows-classic-samples/tree/master/Samples/Win7Samples/winui/shell/appshellintegration/ExplorerCommandVerb

https://github.com/microsoft/AppModelSamples/tree/0f88fe0a8bbb90051f6c126741b881288bb5cabb/Samples/SparsePackages/PhotoStoreContextMenu

https://github.com/microsoft/terminal/tree/fb597ed304ec6eef245405c9652e9b8a029b821f/src/cascadia/ShellExtension

https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/windows-uwp/blob/docs/hub/apps/desktop/modernize/integrate-packaged-app-with-file-explorer.md

https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/cpp/cppcx/wrl/windows-runtime-cpp-template-library-wrl?view=msvc-170

Commit message:

Translate UI content to English

README.md, after:

[!WARNING]
The original project (v5.1) already includes Chinese language support (see the [wiki](https://github.com/ikas-mc/ContextMenuForWindows11/wiki/Languages)), so this fork focuses on the English experience.

# Custom Context Menu

Create and manage custom right-click menu items on Windows 11.

This repository builds on the original [Custom Context Menu](https://github.com/ikas-mc/ContextMenuForWindows11); please support the upstream author.

<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/zetaloop/ContextMenuForWindows11/main/screenshots/menu.png" width=500 >


## Download

Microsoft Store | GitHub Releases
------------ | -------------
<a href="https://www.microsoft.com/store/apps/9N3R1B2TP3DB">Microsoft Store</a>|<a href="https://github.com/zetaloop/ContextMenuForWindows11/releases">Latest release</a>
Official store download | Self-signed packages (not recommended)



## Usage
[Original help (English)](https://github.com/ikas-mc/ContextMenuForWindows11/wiki/Help)

## Build
[Original build guide](https://github.com/ikas-mc/ContextMenuForWindows11/blob/main/build.md)


## References

https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/apps/desktop/modernize/desktop-to-uwp-extensions#context-menu

https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/winrt-related/blob/docs/winrt-related-src/schemas/appxpackage/uapmanifestschema/element-desktop5-itemtype.md

https://github.com/microsoft/Windows-classic-samples/tree/master/Samples/Win7Samples/winui/shell/appshellintegration/ExplorerCommandVerb

https://github.com/microsoft/AppModelSamples/tree/0f88fe0a8bbb90051f6c126741b881288bb5cabb/Samples/SparsePackages/PhotoStoreContextMenu

https://github.com/microsoft/terminal/tree/fb597ed304ec6eef245405c9652e9b8a029b821f/src/cascadia/ShellExtension

https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/windows-uwp/blob/docs/hub/apps/desktop/modernize/integrate-packaged-app-with-file-explorer.md

https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/cpp/cppcx/wrl/windows-runtime-cpp-template-library-wrl?view=msvc-170
